Update microsoft-365-client-support-certificate-based-authentication.md (#7082)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/microsoft-365-client-support-certificate-based-authentication.md

[!INCLUDE [Certificate-based authentication services support table](../includes/microsoft-365-client-support-certificate-based-authentication-include.md)]

> [!NOTE]

> > Edge for iOS and Android supports certificate-based authentication during account add flows. Edge for Android does not support certificate-based authentication when performing authentication against web sites, which are typically intranet sites. <br><br>  In this scenario, a user navigates to a web site (usually on the intranet) where the web site requires the user to authenticate via a certificate. This does not involve modern authentication at all and does not leverage a Microsoft authentication library. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Edge for iOS and Android supports certificate-based authentication during account add flows. Edge for Android does not support certificate-based authentication when performing authentication against websites, which are typically intranet sites. <br><br>  In this scenario, a user navigates to a website (usually on the intranet) where the website requires the user to authenticate via a certificate. This does not involve modern authentication at all and does not leverage a Microsoft authentication library. 
```
